README.md, before:

# Version/Demo
1.0.0-Alpha: Live demo on its way.

# Udacity: Event Planner
A basic event planner to showcase user experience.

# Objective
This is the first project for Udacity's Senior Web Developer Nanodegree. The primary objective is to evaluate user experience in relation to forms. 

# Requirements
[Nodes JS](https://nodejs.org/en/)

[Gulp JS](http://gulpjs.com/)

PHP 5 >= 5.5 (Password Hash, used to have fallback, may add back in. TODO?)

Local server or Live server: I currentlty use [AMPPS](http://www.ampps.com/). It is a little bloated, but very easy to use and setup mock domains.

# Installation
##Database Setup
1. Download or clone the git repository
2. To setup the database run the sql code from _install/install.sql file. This file will create the database and all necessary tables within it.
3. You will need to change the database login credentials in the dist/app/config.php file.  

##Development
1. In windows (not sure on Mac) open the folder where the repository is found (all the files are displayed). 
    1. Select the file path at the top of the window, and erase its contents. 
    2. Type 'cmd' without quotes and hit enter.
    3. This will open a command line to the current directory. 
3. Type 'npm install' without quotes to install all dependencies (Must have NodeJs installed).
4. After the dependencies are installed, type 'gulp' without quotes (Must have GilpJs installed).
5. Gulp will now be watching the Sass files and the primary JavaScript (app.js) file. Gulp takes care of converting the Sass and combining any extra JavaScript files. For this there is only one.

###Note
1. The main directory is the working directory.
2. All CSS is generated from the Sass files in the main directory under sass. 
3. app.js should only  be edited from this directory. 
4. Individual pages/modules of the program have their own JavaScript directories within the dist/views folder (Might change).
5. Sass/CSS for all pages/modules, however, remains in the Sass folder in the working directory.
5. Still learning. So much of this will probably change.

##Deployment
1. Copy the 'dist' folder to the server. Localhost or online.
2. 'dist' acts as the root folder and domains should point to it.
3. If the database has already been setup and is in working order, everything is good to go.

# Some known issues
Spacing on files is off.  Switched editors half way through programming.

JavaScript is a hot mess. Needs to be cleaned up a lot.

Color scheme is all over the place.

Validation messages are ugly.

Better solution to the media query/javascript hacks

Adding events has some minor comsetic issues from the dynamic content.  Will be fixing asap.

##Sign up form: 
Email validation shows green when empty.
If use tries to submit the form before changing focus, it will not prompt the user the email is being used.

# References/Credits
The back-end of this application is built on a modified version of Jesse Boyer's (aka JREAM), PHP-MVC. 

Several of Udacity's courses, more specifically, High Conversion Web Forms and Web Tooling and Automation.

Stack Overflow.

Google Material Guidelines (some of them)

Materializecss for the colors

Commit message:

Hotfix: 1.0.1-Alpha
Fixed .htaccess issues when deploying to a server.  Fixed PHP warnings
when logging in.

README.md, after:

# Version/Demo
1.0.1-Alpha: Live Demo: [www.coreymontgomery.com](www.coreymontgomery.com).

# Udacity: Event Planner
A basic event planner to showcase user experience.

# Objective
This is the first project for Udacity's Senior Web Developer Nanodegree. The primary objective is to evaluate user experience in relation to forms. 

# Requirements
[Nodes JS](https://nodejs.org/en/)

[Gulp JS](http://gulpjs.com/)

PHP 5 >= 5.5 (Password Hash, used to have fallback, may add back in. TODO?)

Local server or Live server: I currentlty use [AMPPS](http://www.ampps.com/). It is a little bloated, but very easy to use and setup mock domains.

# Installation
##Database Setup
1. Download or clone the git repository
2. To setup the database run the sql code from _install/install.sql file. This file will create the database and all necessary tables within it.
3. You will need to change the database login credentials in the dist/app/config.php file.  

##Development
1. In windows (not sure on Mac) open the folder where the repository is found (all the files are displayed). 
    1. Select the file path at the top of the window, and erase its contents. 
    2. Type 'cmd' without quotes and hit enter.
    3. This will open a command line to the current directory. 
3. Type 'npm install' without quotes to install all dependencies (Must have NodeJs installed).
4. After the dependencies are installed, type 'gulp' without quotes (Must have GilpJs installed).
5. Gulp will now be watching the Sass files and the primary JavaScript (app.js) file. Gulp takes care of converting the Sass and combining any extra JavaScript files. For this there is only one.

###Note
1. The main directory is the working directory.
2. All CSS is generated from the Sass files in the main directory under sass. 
3. app.js should only  be edited from this directory. 
4. Individual pages/modules of the program have their own JavaScript directories within the dist/views folder (Might change).
5. Sass/CSS for all pages/modules, however, remains in the Sass folder in the working directory.
5. Still learning. So much of this will probably change.

##Deployment
1. Copy the 'dist' folder to the server. Localhost or online.
2. 'dist' acts as the root folder and domains should point to it.
3. If the database has already been setup and is in working order, everything is good to go.

# Some known issues
Spacing on files is off.  Switched editors half way through programming.

JavaScript is a hot mess. Needs to be cleaned up a lot.

Color scheme is all over the place.

Validation messages are ugly.

Better solution to the media query/javascript hacks

Adding events has some minor comsetic issues from the dynamic content.  Will be fixing asap.

##Sign up form: 
Email validation shows green when empty.
If use tries to submit the form before changing focus, it will not prompt the user the email is being used.

# References/Credits
The back-end of this application is built on a modified version of Jesse Boyer's (aka JREAM), PHP-MVC. 

Several of Udacity's courses, more specifically, High Conversion Web Forms and Web Tooling and Automation.

Stack Overflow.

Google Material Guidelines (some of them)

Materializecss for the colors

#Changelog
###5/8/16 1.0.1-Alpha
* Fixed issues with .htaccess file when deploying on a server.
* FIxed an error associated with strict validation and PHP during login
